# EXAM
-----

validate cert on http web app 
docker image commands  
deploy multiple containerized deployment on azure container 
system vs manager identity 
azure app configuration  
encrypted file store on azure- download should not be able to view content of it  
azr pull vs push - permissions grant 
consmos db- template  
azure redis rdb aof - persistance  
azure cache api  
access role in terraform code  
azure function scale up every 15 hours or during given schedule  for load increament 
what is type xml or json or text  
username and password while creating container? 
Azure store access signature for blob 
Azure api gateway 
Azure api gateway policy 
Azure redid cache 

#### Azure CDN 
* Geo-filtering: Geo-filtering enables you to allow or block content in specific countries/regions, based on the country/region code. In the Azure CDN Standard for Microsoft Tier, you can only allow or block the entire site. With the Verizon and Akamai tiers, you can also set up restrictions on directory paths.

* Caching and time to live 
    * If you publish a website through Azure CDN, the files on that site are cached until their TTL expires. The Cache-Control header contained in the **HTTP response from origin server** determines the TTL duration.
    * If you don't set a TTL on a file, Azure CDN sets a default value. However, this default may be overridden if you have set up caching rules in Azure. 
    * Default TTL values are as follows: 
        * Generalized web delivery optimizations: seven days
        * Large file optimizations: one day 
        * Media streaming optimizations: one year 

### COMPUTE
-----
* you can start testing your web app in a Free App Service plan and pay nothing. When you want to add your custom DNS name to the web app, just scale your plan up to Shared tier. Later, when you want to create a TLS binding, scale your plan up to Basic tier. When you want to have staging environments, scale up to Standard tier. When you need more cores, memory, or storage, scale up to a bigger VM size in the same tier. 
* Azure deploys each new **App Service plan** into a deployment unit, internally called a **webspace**. Each region can have many webspaces, but your app can only move between plans that are created in the same webspace. An **App Service Environment** is an isolated webspace, so apps can be **moved between plans in the same App Service Environment**, but not between plans in different App Service Environments.
* You can't specify the webspace you want when creating a plan, but it's possible to ensure that a plan is created in the same webspace as an existing plan. In brief, all plans created with the same resource group, region combination and operating system are deployed into the same webspace. For example, if you created a plan in resource group A and region B, then any plan you subsequently create in resource group A and region B is deployed into the same webspace.
* Note that plans can't move webspaces after they're created, so you can't move a plan into "the same webspace" as another plan by moving it to another resource group.
* The region in which your app runs is the region of the App Service plan it's in. However, you cannot change an App Service plan's region. If you want to run your app in a different region, one alternative is **app cloning.** Cloning makes a copy of your app in a new or existing App Service plan in any region. You can find Clone App in the Development Tools section of the menu.
* App Service plans that have no apps associated with them still incur charges because they continue to reserve the configured VM instances. 
* Kudu app is accessible at: 
    * App not in Isolated tier: https://<app-name>.scm.azurewebsites.net
    * Internet-facing app in Isolated tier (App Service Environment): https://<app-name>.scm.<ase-name>.p.azurewebsites.net 
    * Internal app in Isolated tier (ILB App Service Environment): https://<app-name>.scm.<ase-name>.appserviceenvironment.net 


### Q&A
-----
* Question: How many resources can I move in a single operation? 
    * When possible, break large moves into separate move operations. Resource Manager immediately returns an error when there are more than 800 resources in a single operation. However, moving less than 800 resources may also fail by timing out. 

* Moving the blob from cool to hot does not modify it's modification date, and so it will be moved back to cool storage the next time lifecycle management runs. You need to either modify the rule to be based on last access date, or modify the file when moving it back so that the modification date is updated.

* By using repository namespaces, you can allow sharing a single registry across multiple groups within your organization. Registries can be shared across deployments and teams. Azure Container Registry supports nested namespaces, enabling group isolation. However, the registry manages all repositories independently, not as a hierarchy. The syntax is contoso.azurecr.io/marketing/website

* For Windows App Services, where can you choose to have logging saved to? - File system, and blob storage

* What does the CLI command 'az acr build --registry $ACR_NAME --image helloacrtasks:v1 .' do? - Performs a docker build and immediately pushes the result image into an ACR.

* CRON uses a "{second} {minute} {hour} {day} {month} {day-of-week}" format for expressions. The first "0" means that it runs when the second equals 0. The second "15,30,45" means when the minutes equal 15, 30 and 45. The third "0" means at midnight. So the answer is at 12:15, 12:30, and 12:45 every day.

* A shared access signature (SAS) provides secure delegated access to resources in your storage account. With a SAS, you have granular control over how a client can access your data. **A stored access policy is defined on a resource container**, which can be a blob container, table, queue, or file share. The stored access policy can be used to manage constraints for one or more service shared access signatures. When you associate a service SAS with a stored access policy, **the SAS inherits the constraints-the start time, expiry time, and permissions-defined for the stored access policy. You can modify the stored access policy at any time after the SAS has been created.**

* **Azure File Sync** service allows you to keep a **local copy of files** that are stored in the **Azure File Shares** in the cloud. While some users may opt to keep a full copy of their data locally, Azure File Sync additionally has the ability to transform Windows Server into a quick cache of your Azure file share. You can use any protocol that's available on Windows Server to access your data locally, including SMB, NFS, and FTPS. You can have as many caches as you need across the world. 

* Azure Files offers fully managed file shares in the cloud that are accessible via the industry standard Server Message Block (SMB) protocol or Network File System (NFS) protocol. Azure file shares can be mounted concurrently by cloud or on-premises deployments. Azure Files SMB file shares are accessible from Windows, Linux, and macOS clients.

* Managed identities provide an identity for applications to use when connecting to resources that support Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) authentication. Applications may use the managed identity to obtain Azure AD tokens. You cannot configure multiple applications to use the same system-assigned identity. You must use a user-assigned identity for this purpose.

* Every Functions app is executed by a language-specific handler. While Azure Functions features many language handlers by default, there are cases where you may want to use other languages or runtimes. Custom handlers are lightweight web servers that receive events from the Functions host. Any language that supports HTTP primitives can implement a custom handler.

* What is the Azure CLI command to download application log files to the local disk? - az webapp log download --name mywebapp --resource-group myresourcegroup

* Redundancy ensures that your storage account meets its availability and durability targets even in the face of failures. **Zone-redundant storage (ZRS) copies your data synchronously across three Azure availability zones** in the primary region. - total 3

* Geo-redundant storage (GRS) copies your data synchronously three times within a single physical location in the primary region using LRS. It then copies your data asynchronously to a single physical location in the secondary region. Within the secondary region, your data is copied synchronously three times using LRS. - total 6

* Which of the following statements describes the type of data that can be retrieved using Microsoft Graph? - Microsoft Graph is the gateway to data and intelligence in Microsoft 365. All of the data contained in Microsoft 365, including documents, calendar, email, Teams, and people.

* ASP.NET applications can use the System.Diagnostics.Trace class to log information to the application diagnostic log. 
    * e.g. ``System.Diagnostics.Trace.TraceError("If you're seeing this, something bad happened");``
    * https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/troubleshoot-diagnostic-logs

* Using Azure Spot Virtual Machines allows you to take advantage of our unused capacity at a significant cost savings. At any point in time when Azure needs the capacity back, the Azure infrastructure will evict Azure Spot Virtual Machines. VMs can be evicted based on capacity or the max price you set. When creating an Azure Spot Virtual Machine, you can set the eviction policy to Deallocate (default) or Delete. As well, pricing is variable. Even though there is no SLA (for obvious reasons), this is not the major risk to using spot instances.

* Which Durable Functions application pattern would you use for an Azure Function that only needs to run whenever an external API returns a status change? - The monitor pattern refers to a flexible, recurring process in a workflow. An example is polling until specific conditions are met. You can use a regular timer trigger to address a basic scenario, such as a periodic cleanup job, but its interval is static and managing instance lifetimes becomes complex. You can use Durable Functions to create flexible recurrence intervals, manage task lifetimes, and create multiple monitor processes from a single orchestration. An example of the monitor pattern is to reverse the earlier async HTTP API scenario. Instead of exposing an endpoint for an external client to monitor a long-running operation, the long-running monitor consumes an external endpoint, and then waits for a state change.

* Which of the following is a negative consequnce of running Azure Functions in the Consumption service plan?: The Cold Start Problem
    * When using Azure Functions in the dedicated plan, the Functions host is always running, which means that cold start isn’t really an issue. So, our scope is narrowed to Functions running the serverless consumption model. 

* The speed of an Azure Event Hub is determined by the number of Throughput units you reserve for it. You can set between 1 and 20 throughput units for the Event Hub. How fast does 1 throughput unit represent for data coming in to an Event Hub? - 1 MB per second or 1000 events per second (whichever comes first)

* ARM templates are said to have a declarative syntax. Why is a declarative syntax better than a programmatic approach?
    * You don't have to check if the resource exists, you simply declare that it should exist.
    * You don't need to worry about the order of operations to create resources (dependencies), Azure takes care of creating them in the correct order

* When you download an ARM Template from the Portal, just before confirming a deployment, what is the one file that is NOT downloaded to your computer? : Docker YAML file
    * Both a parameters and template json files are downloaded.

* Which CosmosDB API format works best with document (JSON) data? - Core SQL
    * Core (SQL) API stores data in JSON document format. Cassandra API stores data in column-oriented schema. Gremlin API allows users to make graph queries and stores data as edges and vertices. MongoDB API also uses documents but is BSON format, which is a binary format and not text-based. Table API stores data in key/value format.

* Which types of database changes does the CosmosDB change feed track? : Inserts and Updates
    * Today, you see all inserts and updates in the change feed. You **can't filter** the change feed for a specific type of operation. One possible alternative, is to add a **"soft marker"** on the item for updates and filter based on that when processing items in the change feed. Currently change feed doesn't log deletes. Similar to the previous example, you can add a soft marker on the items that are being deleted. For example, you can add an attribute in the item called "deleted" and set it to "true" and set a TTL on the item, so that it can be automatically deleted. You can read the change feed as far back as the origin of your container but if an item is deleted, it will be removed from the change feed.

* Change feed in Azure Cosmos DB is a persistent record of changes to a container in the order they occur. Change feed support in Azure Cosmos DB works by listening to an Azure Cosmos container for any changes. It then outputs the **sorted list of documents that were changed in the order in which they were modified.** The persisted changes can be processed asynchronously and incrementally, and the output can be distributed across one or more consumers for parallel processing. 

* You are a developer for Acme Inc. You have implemented Redis as a caching service and it's going great. You are running on a premium plan, and using the top 120 GB of memory cache. You'd like to increase the memory limit to 500 GB, but Redis does not support that. How can you get more memory when using Azure Redis? - Impelement the Redis Cluster feature, and add a second shard to double the memory available.

* Which of the following metrics affect how much an Azure Redis Cache instance costs? : Region, Pricing Tier, Hours
    * Redis Cache is charged by the hour, and varies by region. It also depends on the tier you choose.

* You are a developer for Acme Inc. Your company's flagship application is the Wind Monitoring software that Wind Energy farms use to monitor their equipment. At the end of each day, the Wind Collector sends a message that contains all of the days statistics in JSON format which needs to be read, processed, and posted to the database. Which Azure Service is best for processing this type of data? - Service Bus

* For Linux App Services, where can you choose to have logging saved to? - File System Only
    * https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/modules/capture-application-logs-app-service/2-enable-and-configure-app-service-application-logging

* A virtual machine (VM) is automatically assigned a private IP address from a range that you specify, based on the subnet in which the VM is deployed. The VM retains the address until the VM is deleted. Azure dynamically assigns the next available private IP address from the subnet you create a VM in. If you want a specific IP address from the subnet assigned to the VM, assign a static IP address.

* **ASP.NET Core is a cross-platform version of ASP.NET**. Ruby and Python are only natively supported on Linux. ASP.NET 4 is only supported on Windows.

* What is an App Service Plan? - A set of compute resources for a web app to run. These compute resources are analogous to the server farm in conventional web hosting. One or more apps can be configured to run on the same computing resources (or in the same App Service plan)

* Azure function: All triggers and bindings have a direction property in the function.json file. For triggers, the direction is always in. Input and output bindings use in and out. Some bindings support a special direction inout. If you use inout, only the Advanced editor is available via the Integrate tab in the portal.

* What does the PowerShell command 'Get-AzVMImageSku -Location "EastUS" -PublisherName "MicrosoftWindowsServer" -Offer "WindowsServer"' return? : A list of publicly available Windows Server OS images in the EastUS region.

* What type of storage container is specifically used to collect log and metric data from various Azure Resources so that it can be analyzed in Azure Monitor? : Log Analytics Workspace

* What container image formats does Azure Container Registry support? : Docker images, OCI (Open Container Initiative) images, OCI artifacts, Helm charts

* What is the Azure CLI command to delete an Azure Container Instance? az container delete --resource-group myResourceGroup --name mycontainer 

* Viewing the logs for a container instance is helpful when troubleshooting issues with your container or the application it runs. To view the container's logs, under Settings, select Containers, then Logs. You should see the HTTP GET request generated when you viewed the application in your browser.

* You have an Azure Container Instance with the DNS label "mycontainer". What is the public Fully-Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) for that instance? : mycontainer.(azureregion).azurecontainer.io
    * ACI supports regular, confidential, and Spot containers. ACI can be used as single-instance or multi-instance via NGroups, or you can get orchestration capabilities by deploying pods in your Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) cluster via virtual nodes on ACI. For even faster startup times, ACI supports standby pools.

* What does the Azure Container Registry endpoint look like? : myprivateacr.azurecr.io

* A Kubernetes cluster is divided into two components: 1. Control plane: provides the core Kubernetes services and orchestration of application workloads. 2. Nodes: run your application workloads.

* Strong consistency is that, across the world, readers are guaranteed to always get the most recent committed version of an item. A client will never see a partially committed item. 

* ARR affinity: ARR-Application Request Routing. In a multi-instance deployment, ensure that the client is routed to the same instance for the life of the session. You can set this option to Off for stateless applications. 

* Always On: Keeps the app loaded even when there's no traffic. When Always On is not turned on (default), the app is unloaded after 20 minutes without any incoming requests. The unloaded app can cause high latency for new requests because of its warm-up time. When Always On is turned on, the front-end load balancer sends a GET request to the application root every five minutes. The continuous ping prevents the app from being unloaded.

* To implement infrastructure as code for your Azure solutions, use Azure Resource Manager templates (ARM templates). The template is a JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) file that defines the infrastructure and configuration for your project. 

* **AppServiceHTTPLogs are web logs. AppServiceAppLogs are application logs. AppServiceAuditLogs contain login activity via FTP and kudu. And AllMetrics are not logs, but performance metrics.**

* Scale out: Increase the number of VM instances that run your app. Basic, Standard, and Premium service plans scale out to as many as 3, 10, and 30 instances, respectively. App Service Environments in the Isolated tier further increase your scale-out count to 100 instances. 

* What advantage does the Compute-Optimized (Fsv2) instance family have over the General Purpose (Dsv4) instance family? : F-series VMs provide higher performance (ACU) per virtual CPU compared to D-series. The machine hardware is designed for CPU performance.

* Durable Functions is an extension of Azure Functions that lets you write stateful functions in a serverless compute environment. The extension lets you define stateful workflows by writing orchestrator functions and stateful entities by writing entity functions using the Azure Functions programming model. Behind the scenes, the extension manages state, checkpoints, and restarts for you, allowing you to focus on your business logic.

* True or false: you can create an Azure Function to run whenever a new email comes into Outlook using it's own native Trigger integration with email : False. You cannot get an Azure Function to trigger off an incoming email. 

* You have one application installed in an App Service Plan Standard S1 Tier. You have manually scaled it out to two instances. This application also has one WebJob running in the background to support it. How many VMs are running to support this? : TWO
    * When you create an app in App Service, it is put into an App Service plan. When the app runs, it runs on all the VM instances configured in the App Service plan. If multiple apps are in the same App Service plan, they all share the same VM instances. If you have multiple deployment slots for an app, all deployment slots also run on the same VM instances.

* To deploy complex solutions, you can break your Azure Resource Manager template (ARM template) into many related templates, and then deploy them together through a main template. The related templates can be separate files or template syntax that is embedded within the main template. To link a template, add a deployments resource to your main template. In the templateLink property, specify the URI of the template to include. - Microsoft.Resources/deployments

* API Management: Authentication is an inbound policy. Requests that fail to authenticate do not have the requests passed on to the API backend at all.

* The API Management Gateway includes a powerful feature called Policies. What is the main function of policies? - Policies allow you to modify the behavior of the API using configuration instead of code. A policy can change both the inbound request and the outbound response.

* Using which channels can you create an API Management instance?: CLI, PowerShell, Portal, Visual Studio Code, ARM Template

* Your Azure Web App is currently throwing a 500 server error when viewed. You'd like to see more detail on the error. In order to accomplish this, what app setting do you need to set, and to what value? : ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT="Development". The development environment can enable features that shouldn't be exposed in production. If the environment isn't set, it defaults to Production, which disables most debugging features. 

* Once you enable App Service Logging in the Azure Portal, how long does Azure keep it on? : App logs are the output of runtime trace statements in app code. App logging is primarily for apps in pre-production and for troublesome issues, because excessive logs can carry a performance hit and quickly consume storage; for this reason, logging to the file system is automatically disabled after 12 hours.

* You have a Timer Trigger Function that uses "0 5 * * * *" as it's timer setting. How often will the function run? : Once every hour of the day, at 5 minutes after the hour

* To migrate MongoDB to Azure Cosmos DB, you can use MongoDB native tools like mongodump and mongorestore. These tools are designed to handle the export and import of MongoDB data efficiently.

* Stored procedures are capable of performing CRUD and query operations on any document in a collection. 

* Managed Service Identity (MSI) is a feature in Azure that allows you to securely authenticate an Azure service to other Azure services without having to manage credentials. By enabling MSI on the Azure App Service hosting the e-Commerce Web App, you can create a trust relationship between the App Service and Azure Key Vault. This allows the e-Commerce Web App to authenticate with Azure Active Directory (AAD) and securely retrieve secrets from the Key Vault.

* You don't need client id to register an application in Azure AD. You just need redirect URI. Upon registration, the portal will give client id and tenant id. Both of them must be included in the app configuration json file, so given answer is correct as far as app registration is concerned.

* Only the following methods can be used for two-factor verification: Authenticator app, text message, phone call, security key.

* az monitor metrics alert create -n alert1 -g {ResourceGroup} --scopes {VirtualMachineID} --condition "avg Percentage CPU > 90" --window-size 5m --evaluation-frequency 1m --action "/subscriptions/<subscriptionId>/resourceGroups/<resourceGroupName>/providers/Microsoft.Insights/actionGroups/<actionGroupName>" apiKey={APIKey} type=HighCPU --description "High CPU"

* A Storage Area Network (SAN) is a dedicated network that provides access to consolidated, block-level data storage. It is used to increase the availability of data and improve the performance of applications that require access to shared data. However, SANs do not provide features to ensure high availability of web applications, nor do they provide a mechanism to store data in the geographic location nearest to the user. 

* You develop a Web App on a tier D1 app service plan.You notice that page load times increase during periods of peak traffic.You want to implement automatic scaling when CPU load is above 80 percent. Your solution must minimize costs.What should you do first?   

* Tier D1 is a basically shared app service plan, so we need to move standard or premium plan to enable auto scaling. As we need to provide low cost solution, then standard plan will be best for this approach 

* You have created a web app called TestWebApp in the West US region. Sometime after creating it, you decide you'd rather this web app run in the East US region. How do you move a Web App to a new region? : You cannot. If you want to move an app between regions, you must clone the app, or redeploy the app from scratch.
    * You can move an app to another App Service plan, as long as the source plan and the target plan are in the same resource group and geographical region. The region in which your app runs is the region of the App Service plan it's in. However, you cannot change an App Service plan's region. If you want to run your app in a different region, one alternative is app cloning. Cloning makes a copy of your app in a new or existing App Service plan in any region. 

* You are developer encountering an issue with your Azure App Service web app. The app appears to be failing to connect to the database. You notice that the connection string appears both in the <connectionStrings> section of web.config AND ALSO appears in the Connection Strings tab of the App Service configuration. Which database connection string is being used by the application in production? : The Connection Strings tab of the App Service configuration
    * For ASP.NET and ASP.NET Core developers, setting connection strings in App Service are like setting them in <connectionStrings> in Web.config, but the values you set in App Service override the ones in Web.config. You can keep development settings (for example, a database file) in Web.config and production secrets (for example, SQL Database credentials) safely in App Service. The same code uses your development settings when you debug locally, and it uses your production secrets when deployed to Azure. 

* Partner Topics are designed specifically for enabling third-party services or SaaS applications to push events into your Azure subscription. These events can then be processed by Azure Functions, Logic Apps, or other subscribers to the topic.

* System Topic: This is for Azure services that natively emit events, like Blob Storage or Event Hubs. You use system topics when you're dealing with Azure-native resources.

* Custom topics: are for your own applications to send events into Event Grid—not for third-party SaaS. If the source isn't a partner but something you built, this would be the choice.

* Event Hub Topic: Event Hub isn't even part of Event Grid's topic system. It's used for high-throughput streaming of telemetry or event data, not the discrete events Event Grid handles.

* telemetry.TrackDependency("Database", "Query", startTime, timer.Elapsed, success); 
    * The TrackDependency method is used to log calls to external dependencies, such as databases, services, or other external resources. This information can be used to monitor the performance and success rate of these calls, helping to identify potential bottlenecks or failures in the system.

* Free Managed Certificates are auto-renewed but don't support wildcard certificates, can't be exported, and are not supported in ASE. 
* In Application Insights, a session is reset after half an hour of user inactivity, or 24 hours of continuous usage. 
* Question: Which HTTP method below is used to update a resource with new values?  
    * Patch: The PATCH method does update a resource with a new value.The POST method creates a new resource.The PUT method replaces a resource with a new one. 
* When you exceed the request limits in Azure Container Registry, throttling occurs, resulting in an HTTP 429 error. The recommended solution is implementing retry logic with exponential backoff to handle the temporary throttling and resume operations smoothly.Upgrading the tier isn't necessary to resolve throttling.
* Some configuration elements follow the content across a swap (not slot specific), whereas other configuration elements stay in the same slot after a swap (slot specific). Which of the following settings are swapped?: WebJobs content

* az keyvault set-policy --name <your-key-vault-name> --upn user@domain.com --certificate-permissions delete get list create purge 

``
FROM mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/aspnet:3.1 AS base 
WORKDIR /app 
EXPOSE 80 
EXPOSE 443 
 
FROM mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/sdk:3.1 AS build 
WORKDIR /src 
COPY ["WebApplication1/WebApplication1.csproj", "WebApplication1/"] 
RUN dotnet restore "WebApplication1/WebApplication1.csproj" 
COPY . . 
WORKDIR "/src/WebApplication1" 
RUN dotnet build "WebApplication1.csproj" -c Release -o /app/build 
 
FROM build AS publish 
RUN dotnet publish "WebApplication1.csproj" -c Release -o /app/publish 
 
FROM base AS final 
WORKDIR /app 
COPY --from=publish /app/publish . 
ENTRYPOINT ["dotnet", "WebApplication1.dll"] 
``
* Which of the following Azure CLI commands is considered part of the ACR Tasks set?: az acr build
* request-id is always included in responses from Microsoft Graph. It is useful for diagnosing issues and for support purposes, as it allows the Microsoft support team to trace the request in their logs.
* Authorization is not a mandatory response header. It's a request header used to authenticate the client (user or application) to the server, typically with a bearer token.
* Content-Type is a response header but it's not always mandatory. It is used to specify the media type of the resource, i.e., it tells the client what the content type of the returned content actually is.
* If-Match is not a mandatory response header. It's a request header used with requests that are conditionally based on the ETag header, for instance, when implementing optimistic concurrency control. It is used to ensure that the client is modifying a resource that hasn't been changed by someone else since it was last fetched. 

* By default, ACR Tasks builds images for the Linux OS and the amd64 architecture.

* az acr config _ update --registry myregistry --status enabled --days 30 --type UntaggedManifests : retention 
    * Azure Container Registry gives you the option to set a retention policy for stored image manifests that don't have any associated tags (untagged manifests). When a retention policy is enabled, untagged manifests in the registry are automatically deleted after a number of days you set. 

* When would you use the App-assigned address feature? : To support IP-based SSL for your app, To support a dedicated inbound address for your app. 

* You have code: ``telemetry.TrackTrace("Monitor");`` Can you use az monitor activity-log to view it? 
    * az monitor activity-log cannot display data from Application Insight telemetry. 

* Which Azure Architecture pattern is specifically designed to increase application performance by using a cache service? : cache aside pattern

* When creating a Cosmos DB account, you indicate which consistency level you would like to follow: Strong, Bounded Staleness, Session, Consistent Prefix and Eventual. How can a developer force Strong consistency on a query when the database itself is Eventual consistency? 
    * Set the ConsistencyLevel property of QueryRequestOptions when making the query.
    * This is a request level property, and doesn't affect the database settings.

* Your function uses the following code. You want to add a message to the log when the function starts late. What code belongs in the missing line?  

`` [FunctionName("TimerTriggerCSharp")]
public static void Run([TimerTrigger("0 */5 * * * *")] TimerInfo myTimer, ILogger log) { 
 >>>>> LINE MISSING HERE <<<<<  
{ log.LogInformation("Timer is running late!"); }  log.LogInformation($"C# Timer trigger function executed at: {DateTime.Now}"); }
``

    * if (myTimer.IsPastDue)

* In ASP.NET, how do you write a message to the application diagnostics log that only shows up when the user has enabled verbose level messages?
    * Trace.WriteLine("message");
    * To log information to the app diagnostics log, use the System.Diagnostics.Trace class. There are four trace levels you can use, and these correlate with error, warning, information, and verbose logging levels shown in the Azure portal.

* Generally speaking, regardless of which region, which is the lowest cost redundancy option for Blob Storage? : LRS
    * Azure Storage always stores multiple copies of your data so that it is protected from planned and unplanned events, including transient hardware failures, network or power outages, and massive natural disasters. Redundancy ensures that your storage account meets its availability and durability targets even in the face of failures. Locally redundant storage (LRS) copies your data synchronously three times within a single physical location in the primary region. LRS is the least expensive replication option, but is not recommended for applications requiring high availability or durability. 

* **Point-in-time restore** provides protection against accidental deletion or corruption by enabling you to restore block blob data to an earlier state. Point-in-time restore is useful in scenarios where a user or application accidentally deletes data or where an application error corrupts data. Point-in-time restore also enables testing scenarios that require reverting a data set to a known state before running further tests.

* You've created a Cosmos DB account named Account1. Inside, you create one database named Db1, and one container named Container1. The data you are storing is document data using the Core (SQL) API. You have a new requirement to add a graph database using the Gremlin API. Can you create another database named Db2 inside Account1 for the graph data? : No, each account can only contain one type of data
    * The API determines the type of account to create. Azure Cosmos DB provides five APIs: Core (SQL) and MongoDB for document data, Gremlin for graph data, Azure Table, and Cassandra. Currently, you must create a separate account for each API.

* What is the REST API command for uploading a ZIP file into an Azure App Service using the Kudu SCM endpoint? : ``PUT /api/zip/{path}/``
    * The Zip API allows downloading folders as zip files, or expanding zip files into folders. 

* Kudu is the engine behind a number of features in Azure App Service related to source control based deployment, and other deployment methods like Dropbox and OneDrive sync.

